Globally say "Microsoft Edge Add-ons", without "store", "site", or "website" (#3409)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/index.md

# Overview of Microsoft Edge extensions
<!-- https://aka.ms/AboutEdgeAddons -->

A Microsoft Edge _extension_, also called an _add-on_, is a small app that developers use to add or modify features of Microsoft Edge to improve a user's browsing experience.  An extension provides a niche experience or function that is important to a target audience.  You publish a Microsoft Edge extension at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/).

In articles about Microsoft Edge extensions, and at Partner Center, the word _store_ includes Microsoft Edge Add-ons.

You can create a Microsoft Edge extension if you have an idea or product that is based upon either a specific web browser, or improvements to features of specific webpages.  Examples of _companion experiences_ include ad blockers and password managers.

An extension should include at least the following features:

> 

Reviewer: trim line 33 url at "?"
* [Everything to know about browser extensions](https://www.microsoft.com/edge/learning-center/everything-to-know-about-browser-extensions?form=MA13I2&msockid=3078d2dac55660f53e4ec6a8c4ec61bf) - introduction for users.

just use:
https://www.microsoft.com/edge/learning-center/everything-to-know-about-browser-extensions

Different stores might have different submission requirements.  The above list summarizes the requirements for publishing an extension for Microsoft Edge; for details, see [Publish a Microsoft Edge extension](./publish/publish-extension.md).

After you've successfully submitted your extension, your extension undergoes a review process and either passes or fails the certification process.  Owners are notified of the outcome and given next steps as required.  If you submit an extension _update_ at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/), that begins a new review process.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## The Featured badge

> A **Featured** badge in [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/) indicates that the extension has been determined to follow Microsoft's recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **Featured** badge, displayed on an extension listing at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/), indicates that the extension has been determined to follow Microsoft's recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience.
```

Reviewer: ```
A **Featured** badge is displayed on some extension listings at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/).  The **Featured** badge indicates that the extension has been determined to follow Microsoft's recommended best practices related to security, privacy, transparency, and user experience.
```
